Lin Feng, you are in love with Yaoyao
Ah yes, we're in love.
Lin Feng, you are a family man, you are running around outside
Your character is so inferior
The company needs to reconsider you
Yaoyao, don't force this scumbag to deceive you
Lin Feng has divorced his wife
And even if he has a family
I don't mind being with him either
It's my own business, it's my freedom.
You can't control you.
Mr. Li, what do you say?
I like Yaoyao very much.
Lin Feng, you have the guts, let's see
Thank you just now for helping me out
Went to the supermarket
Then you offended your immediate supervisor.
It's okay, I don't care about anything right now
Then I'll treat you to dinner.
It's my treat.
But I have to go to my mom's place later. I have to find a place to stay
OK
Why don't we leave a contact information?
Wait, I'll contact you.
Why are you back?
Dad?
I'm staying at his house for a while
What's up?
I divorced Hero.
Are you divorced?